at the end of 2008 a notice that does not exceed the length of the scenario
national sport
after rendering the title does not come the phenomenon
signed a contract with the sport club corinthians paulista
he presented in style in the park are Jorge no
on that day were more severe about race religion or team owner
to present the phenomenon
Wow
will have 30 daughter trucks
but although the chubby has received in his present unfortunately not
we got with the sea only word of his possession
months later ronaldo made his debut for the coringão asking once more the
Panic on TV was there honoring the ace with an even shorter double
finally reaches the classic against the palms well in the Corinthian style
ronaldo gorducho scored his first goal that led the crowd to delirium
closed flag reminds of stadium
arrived then the most awaited day by the nation alvinegra finally the phenomenon
would play in pacaembu and once again that with the panic on tv was present with
a pin and sabrina
the villa wanting to see ronaldo everybody smiling square breno the plate until
tried to get a signature of gordinho and more
on a recording
not to lose anyone
but again we did not succeed in the communist economic model
to him after numerous attempts frustrated by panic on tv solved
base one last card we are waiting for now
the great final of the Paulista championship for once again
try to talk to the greatest idol in world football
will be that after the conquest of the cup the phenomenon will give a rubber to the
panic on TV
we will see
I do not believe
the taubaté chamber
the crowd is already doing the phrase
during the match did not change
is the quality of life crazy that in pac
the captain here at pacaembu
moment that
by the survey
by the noise
to reverse this year
but soft on the head
better and cuter with the red shirt
the cameroons
the collaborator of the third such dressing room gave another we are
trying to drag an am a particular potential player will have already done
the german partnership
the retaliation of poking the little chubby attacks it seems
we're going to go down again soon enough,
Trying to hand over this shirt, the madman, he says he met in the
collective
the phenomenon has arrived
- took the second statements of the player ronaldo phenomenon is already there
he who has not yet spoken in panic
the champion takes the law constantly on the wall
the kid is already staying here, that's ok everyone wants to talk to him
phenomenon we will try to give him ronaldo's shirt
good believe we come in here moments do not believe that we enter
here we will be able to talk to ronaldo mano
we were so close to the similar phenomena
in this bad phase
these sites can take your breath away
it's the last one
simon like here
will end interview
and they will not want to let you ask any more
but our hand affirmed
brigade and satisfaction
this championship is legal or not
It's soft that took the shirt.
Cabala boy Debbie new law has generated I want to stop crying here
The idea is, kid, I'm not wearing the shirt anymore.
I'll give you even more panic on tv
Corinthians undefeated Paulista champion
with the shirt of the bahia but lives in São Paulo